Lab: Requirements
Christian Reames

TASK: "I would like to order a meal from an on-campus provider, 
and have it delivered to my classroom."

ANSWERS TO TASK:

FRAMEWORK 

1. Business
The system must process a meal order (including payment) provided
by a user to an on-campus provider
and have it delivered to the designated location/classroom. 

2. User
The user shall order the meal and tell the system
where the classroom is. 

3. Functional
The system should place the order to the desired cafe
and then tell the worker delivering it where the classroom is. 

4. Non-Functional
The system should be able to sustain high traffic and handle 
many users at once. The system should also be able to process more
than one payment at a time. 

5. System
The system should have an interface in which the user can place 
the order with all of the items currently on the menu. The system 
should also be able to process payment through Messiah's Dining
Dollars Services as well as print/process the order to the Chef 
in which the meal is cooked and given to the delivery man. 


Interviewees:

- Head of Messiah IT department (Elliot Cumberbatch)
    Q: Who inputs what is or isn't on the menu when a user goes 
    to order?
    A: Whoever is on staff gives a report of what is or isn't available
    to the manager on shift and the manager implements it into the 
    computer whenever something runs out or if something is added. 

    Q: What is the best way to handle high traffic with this particular
    type of system?
    A: There are more than one way to achieve this goal. An example
    of one that would be helpful to handle high traffic would be
    Laravel, which is a PHP framework that is good for handling
    high-traffic web applications. However, whatever framework is 
    chosen must be compatible with the system that is currently 
    used by that particular cafe on campus.

- Head of Messiah dining services (Liam Cartman)
    Q: How will the payment be processed?
    A: When the customer orders, the payment is processed and 
    entered into our database with the date and the time of the 
    order as well as the amount. After it has processed, the 
    student account is updated. 

    Q: What will happen if someone pays with a credit card
    A: A platform called Stripe which links applications to 
    credit card accounts will be used to link the two together
    if someone doesn't use a student account card. 


- Work-Study Scheduling coordinator for dining services (Jim Swanson)
    Q: Who will be delivering the food to the users/clients?
    A: We will have staff members on deck to gather orders from 
    the chef and then deliver it to their prospective location 
    on campus. 

    Q: What happens if there is an influx of deliveries?
    A: If we are ever understaffed and there are more deliveries
    than we can handle, we will set a cap limit to how many
    we can recieve and update the application when we meet 
    max capacity. An algorithm can be implemented to figure 
    out how much a group can possibly handle. Also, an average wait
    time will appear when the order is finalized so the user
    has an idea of when they will recieve what they ordered.  

Chef at Larsen Student Union (Cole McCracken)
    Q: What must be done to keep you and other chefs from being 
    overwhelmed?
    A: I think that it's important to find a max number of orders
    that me and the other chefs can handle at a time. It'd be hard
    getting more orders than we can handle and it not only would make 
    the workers angry but it would also make the customer angry
    because they wouldn't get their food in a timely manner. 

    Q: Will the orders go directly to you or to someone else first?
    A: When the order is sent, it prints out onto a ticket that comes
    directly to the chefs. Once we cook the food, we give it with 
    the ticket to the delivery person who gathers whatever else
    was ordered (drinks, etc.) and then delivers it. 